.TH "idevicerestore" 1
.SH NAME
idevicerestore \- Restore iPSW firmware FILE to an iOS device
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B idevicerestore
[OPTIONS] FILE

.SH DESCRIPTION
Restore firmware files to iOS devices while either erasing the device or updating to preserve content and settings.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-ecid ECID
target specific device by its hexadecimal ECID e.g. 0xaabb123456 or 00000012AABBCCDD
.TP
.B \-u, \-\-udid UDID
target specific device by its 40-digit device UDID
NOTE: only works with devices in normal mode.
.TP 
.B \-d, \-\-debug
enable communication debugging.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
prints usage information.
.TP
.B \-e, \-\-erase
perform a full restore, erasing all data (defaults to update).
.TP 
.B \-c, \-\-custom
restore with a custom firmware (for limera1n devices only).
.TP 
.B \-l, \-\-latest
use latest available firmware (with download on demand). \
USE WITH CARE if you want to keep a jailbreakable firmware! \
The FILE argument is ignored when using this option.
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-cydia
use Cydia's signature service instead of Apple's (use with \-t).
.TP
.B \-x, \-\-exclude
exclude NOR/baseband upgrade.
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-shsh
fetch TSS record and save to .shsh file, then exit.
.TP
.B \-k, \-\-keep-pers
write personalized components to files for debugging.
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-pwn
put device in pwned DFU mode and exit (limera1n devices only).
NOT compatible with virtual machines.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-no\-action
do not perform any restore action. If combined with \-l option the on demand
iPSW download is performed before exiting.
.TP
.B \-w, \-\-downgrade
Downgrading 32-bit devices with Odysseus (kDFU) method.
.TP
.B \-C, \-\-cache\-path DIR
use specified directory for caching extracted or other reused files.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-otamanifest
Specify OTA BuildManifest.plist to sign boot files with a different APTicket
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-boot
Just boot tethered (limera1n devices only).
NOT compatible with virtual machines.
.TP
.B      \-\-nobootx
doesn't run \"bootx\" command.
.TP
.B \-g, \-\-paniclog
boot restore RAMDisk, print paniclog (if available) and reboot

.SH AUTHORS
Martin Szulecki
Nikias Bassen
Joshua Hill

.SH ON THE WEB
http://www.libimobiledevice.org
http://www.openjailbreak.org
